cd - Change Directory
dir - List the contents of the current directory/folder
mkdir - Create (or make) a new folder
clear or cls - Clear the terminal screen
exit - Exit the terminal
--version - Display information on the installed version of the application.
--help - Display information on how to use the application from within the terminal.
git --help - This command will give you a list of all of the available git commands. --help is a special flag that can be used with many command line applications to get more information about how to use them. It can also be used with git commands to get more information about a specific command. For example, git add --help will give you more information about how to use the git add command.
git init - This command will create a git repository in the current folder
git status - This will give you the current status of your git repository
git add . - Use this command to “stage” all of your current changes so that they are ready to be committed.
git commit -m "Your Message" - This command will take all of the staged changes and create a snapshot of the current state of your repository. Using commits is how we generate a commit history for our repository.
git pull - Use this command to grab any changes from your remote repository (e.g.: GitHub.com) and pull them down onto your local repository (the one on your computer).
git push - This command will take whatever commits you have on your computer and push them to the remote repository on GitHub.com.
git log - This command lists all of the commits, with details. (Press q to quit/exit the log)1
git shortlog - This command displays a count of commits along with a list of all the commit messages (primary message only, not details). It’s a nice abbreviated history of the log. (Press q to quit/exit the log)1
git remote -v - View all the remote repositories
git remote remove [remoteName] - Remove a remote entry
git remote add [remoteName] [URL-to-Repository] - Add a remote repository
pnpm init - Create a new Node-based project
pnpm add [package] or pnpm install [package] - Add a third-party package to the project (e.g.: pnpm add @picocss/pico)
pnpm add -D [package] - Add a package as a Developer resource (not to be included in the final project output) (e.g.: pnpm add -D vite)
pnpm [script] - Run a script identified in the package.json (e.g.: pnpm test or pnpm dev)
